Finals week is here. Wow has it been a lot. I've been doing good and keeping track of all my work and now Im almost done. To go over my final
project for CT20, to be frank im pretty nervous. Through the course of this class I feel like Ive been slow to grasp but ultimatley have
followed along pretty well. But this final project I knew would be pretty unguided. I felt pretty prepared for thecchallenge obviously its a 
natural progression, my ultimate fear was that I wouldnt be able to create a final project or something would go horribly wrong or I just 
couldnt figure out the basics and Id have an empty project. Which is kinda what happened. Its not empty, obviously I have code and show/have 
shown through other projects that I have at least an idea of what im doing. 

To re-elaborate on my project I wanted to create a digtal data tracker of all the times I'm drawing. This would appear as lines across the main
sketch with a width which would indicate how long id been drawing, and the color of the line indicating which type of drawing Id done. 
I felt bad coming to stern for help again, but I do tend to have a hard time starting, so he offered me some insight and a start to the JSON
code i should be using to build this project. I had a very clear image in my head but to be honest needed a bit of a refresher on JSON. I 
ended up watching some of the coding train which was nice to come back to after a while. 

My main struggles were the unpurpouseful highlighting of certain stuff, especially with "" and . For some reason sometimes I just could not get
the thing I wanted highlighted, highlighted, or a thing i didnt want highlighted was. It messed me up quite a bit and I still think its why some
of my code isnt functioning the way its meant to. 
Also, I understand the need for a function to draw the data from the JSON, obviously thats like the whole point of my project. But for some reason
I really just cant get anything to show up. Im going to keep working at it obviously but I feel really discouraged by that unfortunatley.

I have a baseline for what I beleive should be the functions of my code, so from now on im going to do a little more digging into the extraction
of JSON into the sketch and see where im going wrong there. hopefully If I can figure that out, then maybe ill have at least a little bit of
something to show you. 

I dont know why data.drawing is not iterable.....


Update:
I made a mini breakthrough! so my lines for the JSON data are showing up, I didnt have my functions in the right order which was messing with
the placement of "drawings". anyways, i feel like this always happens, i go turn something in really empty and Im so sad about it because
I feel like im not doing enought, and I work on it for like 5 more min and finally something happens or I find something and Im back to at least
a little better. Right now Ive got 2 issues. Tring to get "type" in my JSON to NOT TURN GREEN I dont know why this is happening and its messing
with my new data sets. Stupid. As well as, my orignal inverted shape which is meant to sort of act as a clipping mask so all the stuff underneath
shows in a pretty picutre, is now a wildly different color and a very different size. Im hoping to maybe mess with the stroke weight of that and see
what it fixes but if not and its still really ugly im sorry. Right noe I feel ok, because of the kinda precident I set for myself for this class.
For each project If i couldnt fully figure something Out, I at least wanted whoever was looking at it to see and get a general idea of what I was going for.
And it does! At least in my eyes, so yeah. Im gonna keep on working, but I guess sorry that its messy.
