This week we spent both clases as a workshop to focus and work on our final project, and I highly appreciated it. I had not had the time 
previously to work on it so class time where i could talk to peers and seek help from professor was really nice. The first day I spent in 
the loud room planning and prepping out my ideas for the project. I had quite a few itterations that I had to move around to ensure i didnt
code myself into a corner. By the end of class time on tuesday I had a really good idea of what I wanted to do, but honestly still felt 
pretty lost on how to start. Im always someone who takes the most time coming up with the idea and how to do it. Once I know that im usually
on a roll. The second day I met with professor to talk, I felt bad asking for extra help as I had also done that for my first project, but 
I know its always better to ask than to sit around and do nothing. Stern guided me on the workings for JSon and in all honesty it made all
the stuff we did on Json a few weeks ago make A LOT more sense. I think seeing it applied to my own work kinda made it click. Right now my 
project is still in the early phases and quite messy but Im excited to see where I can take it.

My project is the third option. Take a prompt from the Coding as a Creative Medium Book and recreate it. I chose the personal data archive and 
wanted to engage with my drawings. I have had a really hard time drawing this past year but after I got a new sketchbook ive just been on 
a roll. i felt really proud about it so I want to track it. Im attempting to track mostly time and type of drawing. It will appear on the main
canvas as horizontal lines which will fill up in my inverted shape. I want the inverted shape to be a simple shape that represents the drawing 
im doing, but currently its just a simple square. I it was really interesting using the Contour tool in code. it was a nice mini challenge.
I am a little nervouse to share, I know a lot of people are much farther into their understanding of code and will probably have much more done,
but as long as Im proud of the progress ive made im sure it will be just fine. Today and tommorow before class i wanna see if I cant figure
out how to start implementing the data.
