Ive been doing better this week! I followed along in class and was able to kinda grasp some past ideas and think that the new stuff is really cool. I managed to watch some of the past yuja 
videos to kinda get a second pass look at the html stuff. Json is very intriguing and I really liked when we took a look at the offical websites code! It really intriguing and gets my mind 
turning when we get some more irl examples of what all this stuff is actually capable of.

Before I move on to discussing my project theres a quistion I've had for some time. How did we code,, the code for computers?? When computers were build built and all the electronic stuff 
was being put together, did they just realized that the computer made these systems? I keep thinking about how in P5 when we make a function, how? How do I make a code, to make sure the 
function works? Do we make code for the code? But then that would be codeception. So like, when computers were being built, or I guess not necessarily computers more code in general, how
did that come about?

Onto my project! This week I decided to do the recombination assignment. I had a few ideas for what to do, but none of them really had a clear message or were anything I felt capable of 
making, so I landed on classical images as adds. When you click on the image a broken screen appears, and will only dissapear when you click again. This is proof that only the interaction 
with adds is what causes damage. I know this is not a new or stunning concept, in fact its probably a tired one, but I guess i chose this more for the fact that is was a
project that id be putting together through coding, not pen, paper and paint. Id be much closer to the technology of what I was making, and less as the consumer. Id be at the creation 
point of the adds, not just recreating what I saw so much. 
Im trying to find a way to recontextualize not only advertisements and our overly monitored and sold out world, but also the forms of art around us. Life would be so much more beautiful 
if we didnt have everything telling us to buy something to make it better. Anyways, that about it, if you have any questions or concerns let me know and excited to see everyone elses work!
